Add known pitfalls to the article of nullable warnings and include 'Constructors` section in it. (#44985)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/nullable-references.md

In the preceding example, the declaration of the array shows it holds non-nullable strings, while its elements are all initialized to `null`. Then, the variable `s` is assigned a `null` value (the first element of the array). Finally, the variable `s` is dereferenced causing a runtime exception.

### Constructors

Constructor of a class will still call the finalizer, even when there was an exception thrown by that constructor.
<br/>The following example demonstrates that behavior:

```csharp

> public class Foo

Reviewer: Per our style guidelines, let's change the name of these types from "Foo" and "Bar".

{
  private string _name;
  private Bar _bar;

  public Foo(string name)
  {
    ArgumentNullException.ThrowIfNullOrEmpty(name);
    _name = name;
    _bar = new Bar();
  }

  ~Foo()
  {
    Dispose();
  }

  public void Dispose()
  {
    _bar.Dispose();
    GC.SuppressFinalize(this);
  }
}

public class Bar: IDisposable
{
  public void Dispose() { }
}

public void Main()
{
  var foo = new Foo(string.Empty);
}
```

> In the preceding example, the <xref:System.NullReferenceException?displayProperty=nameWithType> will be thrown when `_bar.Dispose();` is executed.

Reviewer: I'd be more explicit about when an exception is thrown:

```suggestion
In the preceding example, the <xref:System.NullReferenceException?displayProperty=nameWithType> will be thrown when `_bar.Dispose();` runs, if the `name` parameter was `null`. The call to `_bar.Dispose();` won't ever throw when the constructor completes successfully.
```

> However, there's no warning issued by the compiler, because static analysis can't determine if a method (like a constructor) completes without a runtime exception being thrown.

Reviewer: I might combine this with the previous paragraph, but I'm fine either way.

Author: Indeed, initially I separated it on purpose as I had something in mind to emphasize here, but now when I read the outcome I also feel it could be combined.
